ofxFatLines===========Introduction------------openFrameworks addon for drawing nicely antialiased and feathered lines and polylines of any width via openGL.</br>Written by Roy J. Macdonald. 2013</br>Based on VaseRenderer done by Chris Tsang,</br>http://artgrammer.blogspot.com/2011/06/vaserendererdraft12.html </br>http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/226569/Drawing-polylines-by-tessellationThis addon is quite easy to use.</br>Check the examples.</br>It provides two functions:</br>The following draws polylines.	void ofxFatLine(const ofVec2f* P,				  //A pointer to a vector containing the anchor points of the polyline.					const ofFloatColor* C,			  //A pointer to a vector containing the color data for each anchor point.					const double* weight,			  //A pointer to a vector containing the width of the polyline at each anchor point.					int size_of_P, 					  //Total number of anchor points.					const ofxFatLineOptions* option,  //The options for the polyline. Read bellow.					bool triangulation);		 	  //Mainly a debuging option, it renders the teselation of the polyline.  		void ofxFatLine( const ofVec2f* P,					 const Color* C,					 const double* weight,					 int size_of_P,					 const ofxFatLineOptions* options);//The same as above but triangulation is false.The following draws a line segment:	void ofxFatSegment(const ofVec2f& P1, const ofVec2f& P2, 	//Anchor points of the line segment.					   const Color& C1, const Color& C2, //Colors at each anchor point.					   double W1,double W2,				//Width at each anchor point.					   const ofxFatLineOptions* options) // the options.ofxFatLineOptions 	struct ofxFatLineOptions{	//set the whole structure to 0 will give default options		ofxFatLineJointType joint;		ofxFatLineCapType cap;		bool feather; 		// edge feather enable		double feathering;  //edge feathering amount 		bool no_feather_at_cap;		bool no_feather_at_core;	};	enum ofxFatLineJointType{	    OFX_FATLINE_JOINT_MITER,	    OFX_FATLINE_JOINT_BEVEL,	    OFX_FATLINE_JOINT_ROUND	};	enum ofxFatLineCapType{	    OFX_FATLINE_CAP_BUTT,	    OFX_FATLINE_CAP_ROUND,	    OFX_FATLINE_CAP_SQUARE,	    OFX_FATLINE_CAP_RECT	};Licence-------Please read licence.mdInstallation------------Clone into your openFrameworks/addons folder.Dependencies------------Compatibility------------Works with of 0073 onwards.</br>Yet it should work with previous versions, probably down to 0071.</br>In such case make sure that you have the ofxGui addon.Known issues-------------When wide lines overlap some artifacts might appear.Version history------------First version.!### Version 0.1 (08 JAN 2013): To Do------Integrate with more oF core clases. (ofPolyline and ofMesh mainly).</br>-Fix weird behaviors when lines overlap.</br>-Clean up maths.</br>